[docs] Update README.md (#180)
podcodar/webapp: README.md

  <img src="./docs/images/linux.svg" height="30" />
</div>

### Getting Started

To work on this project, use `bun` as your package manager.

- Install dependencies using Bun by running the command `bun install`.

- Run `bun decrypt` to decrypt the `.env.gpg` file. (It'll require a password. Ask current team members for it.)

> Note: We strongly recommend running the project on Linux. If you have Windows as your OS, or some other non-GNU/Linux compatible OS, see [🐧 Instalando Linux](https://podcodar.notion.site/Instalando-Linux-d78e8dcd9adf429b9a409b974c0d8fe5)

- Start the development server with `bun dev`.

- For the **production** build, use `bun build && bun start`.

### Our Wikis

- [WebApp wiki page][2]
- [Engineering Wiki][3]

> - [BanBan Board][4]

Reviewer: This link is not correct. It should be https://github.com/orgs/podcodar/projects/13

  <img src="./docs/images/linux.svg" height="30" />
</div>

### Getting Started

> To work on this project, you can use either `yarn` or `bun` as your package manager.

Reviewer: Let's remove yarn

> Personal recommendation: Just use `bun` and be happy.

- Install dependencies using Bun by running the command `bun install`.

- Run `bun decrypt` to decrypt the `.env.gpg` file. (It'll require a password. Ask current team members for it.)

> > Note: if you're using Windows, you'll need to configure GnuPG before decrypting the `.env.gpg` file. GnuPG can be installed from a package manager —like chocolatey— or it can be downloaded directly at [gpg4win](https://gpg4win.org/download.html)

Reviewer 2: Yes chocolatey will add the package to your PATH, so your shell can see and use it. Just like yay, pkg, apt, pacman, pamac...

One way to understand `bun decrypt` is to expand the command witch is `bun run ${shell cmd}`. Running commands with bun/yarn... is useful to make node_modules packages and package.json scripts available in the PATH ex: `yarn run next build` to execute it directly or `yarn build`  to run the script.

Test it in your terminal, it should all result in the same.

```sh
yarn build  # script
yarn run build # script
yarn run next build # shell
```

> > Note: if you're using Windows, you'll need to configure GnuPG before decrypting the `.env.gpg` file. GnuPG can be installed from a package manager —like chocolatey— or it can be downloaded directly at [gpg4win](https://gpg4win.org/download.html)

Reviewer 3: Starting with Windows 10, Microsoft itself released a tool to manage programs via a package manager, reference: [winget-cli](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli).

Therefore, if I were to recommend a package manager, I believe the best choice would be the one officially supported by Microsoft.

In this case, to install the `gpg4win` tool using `winget`, you can run the following command:

```console
> winget install GnuPG.Gpg4win
```

> > Note: if you're using Windows, you'll need to configure GnuPG before decrypting the `.env.gpg` file. GnuPG can be installed from a package manager —like chocolatey— or it can be downloaded directly at [gpg4win](https://gpg4win.org/download.html)

Reviewer: Hmm, let's avoid developing software on windows, please! 😢 🙏🏼

> > Note: if you're using Windows, you'll need to configure GnuPG before decrypting the `.env.gpg` file. GnuPG can be installed from a package manager —like chocolatey— or it can be downloaded directly at [gpg4win](https://gpg4win.org/download.html)

Reviewer: I'll make a hard suggestion, but....
```suggestion
> Note: if you're using Windows, you'll need to install a real Operational System, compatible with GNU/Linux - [🐧 Instalando Linux](https://podcodar.notion.site/Instalando-Linux-d78e8dcd9adf429b9a409b974c0d8fe5)
```

Some reasons why it's harder to work on Windows in open-source projects, (e.g. any non-Microsoft tools):
- Windows manages environment variables poorly and conflicts with Linux
- No package manager by default
- No `sudo` and a really bad PowerShell user experience
- On Windows, line-endings are terminated with a combination of a carriage return `(ASCII 0x0d or \r)` and a newline `(\n)`, also referred to as `CR/LF`
- The production environment is running Linux

For those reasons, you will probably end up installing `WSL` which is a second Operational System to run Linux inside Windows - because they give up on building a good OS for developers - so, why not just use Linux?

References:
- https://portal.perforce.com/s/article/3096#:~:text=On%20Windows%2C%20line%2Dendings%20are,referred%20to%20as%20CR%2FLF.
- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/troubleshooting
- https://forums.docker.com/t/issues-with-docker-desktop-and-wsl-2-integration/141865

Author: Makes sense to me. The project will only be run by mentors and mentees, right ? So as far as I can see there is no need to cater to the Windows users.
Should I just take this whole section off or should I keep it with a message communicating the preference for running the project on Linux ? Something like:

> Note: We strongly recommend running the project on Linux. If you have Windows as your OS, or some other non-GNU/Linux compatible OS, see [🐧 Instalando Linux](https://podcodar.notion.site/Instalando-Linux-d78e8dcd9adf429b9a409b974c0d8fe5)

What do you think ?

Reviewer: Looks good! 👍🏼

> > Note: if you're using Windows, you'll need to configure GnuPG before decrypting the `.env.gpg` file. GnuPG can be installed from a package manager —like chocolatey— or it can be downloaded directly at [gpg4win](https://gpg4win.org/download.html)

Author: We're addressing this here: https://github.com/podcodar/webapp/pull/180/files#r1784472885
